it's almost like a weird thing if you
choose not to engage in casual sex with
people it's like who are you you're some
sort of prude you're some sort of like
weird of and you you might think you're
a good liar Christina but you're not I
can see through your [ __ ] as as can
everyone else guess what we all know
you're not a virgin just because you can
fool your parents doesn't mean you can
fool us and the thing is about hookup
culture it's not having a sex with like
a lot of people it's having sex without
meaning just like doing it with random
people because nowadays people are
actually having less sex gets more just
casual it seems like today with all the
hookup apps reliable contraceptives and
a general culture that just promotes
casual sex it's really just becoming the
norm it's almost like a weird thing if
you choose not to engage in casual sex
with people it's like who are you you're
some sort of prove you're some sort of
like weirdo
[Music]
[Applause]
and then you have a bunch of other
articles saying you have to figure out
what you like in order to figure out
what you like in like having sex you
have to have sex with a lot of people
and I mean my question to that is why do
you have to have sex with a lot of
people in order to figure out what you
like like wouldn't it just be weird to
barely know someone and then want to try
some like insane thing you want to be I
don't know TMI no judgment just my
opinion